# DAORE
The near future is data driven and decentralised. DAORE is the future of Building Development.

Our goal is to become the best way to find a perfect apartment, 
safe, adequate, sustainable, with financial support, and in the exact desired location. DAORE has the potential to transform wishes in reality, while connecting all these layers who wouldn’t find each other if it wasn’t like that.

Humanity faces a big housing crisis. 3 billion people will need new homes by 2050, but only 7% of adults have access to formal housing finance. The environmental crisis is also a massive threat to human kind. Buildings are responsible for almost 40% of global energy-related carbon emissions, and for 50% of all extracted materials on earth. Even so, we don’t use the built environment in its full capacity. There are many reasons why this happens, but and one of them is a billion dollar problem hidden in plain sight, consuming enormous amount of natural and human resources: the real estate inability to mass customize and build to suit residential apartment units. We should not only build greener, we should build better, build to suit, ready to use, with assured quality.

DAORE is a DAO framework for the Real Estate industry and it's community that will change how people find, choose, fund and build their houses. In it's core there's a multi layer matchmaking tool created to connect people with similar housing needs and wishes, transform them into a guild, matching them with the technical team needed to transform their dream building into reality: architects, engineers, contractors, suppliers, investors, local government and landowners. The output is a collective of homes, built with mass customization into small multi residential buildings using prefabrication techniques. DAORE’s framework provides the tools needed for each project team to handle all processes using advanced technology, blockchain and smart contracts, sharing the liability and responsibility with everyone involved in a transparent way.

We envision a new way of approaching the development of built environments.  In our Dapp people will be able to define a profile with their specific needs for apartment, building, community, and their preferred location, inputting their preferences for an ideal living space following our detailed tree of decisions. All this data is organized in a graph database where our software queries for the match and rank the best arrangements of the building using cutting edge technology in parametric design, evolutionary algorithms, AI and Shape Grammar.

The combination of both software and blockchain/smart contracts infrastructure, together with a technical team grouped in the DAO and prepared to lead the community into this completely new approach on how the building of their dreams can become reality, technically and financially, will transport the AEC industry (Architecture, Engineer and Construction), historically  one of the latest on adopting new technologies, into a phase with higher industrialization, and mass customization of the processes involved.

The virtual totality of buildings developed around the world is designed with standard apartments. A few companies define what type of units and where in every city these are being built. In Brazil it is estimated that 75% of people who buy a brand new apartment have to renovate, including changings in the layout, demolition and waste of recently constructed material, consuming huge resources of time, money and nature. Real estate developer companies usually take up to 3 years to sell all units after the final launch of a project, generating more waste of resources. Blockchain, Smart Contracts and Parametric AI Design tools allow this process to happen in a much fairer, assertive way,  led by the community, with mass customization.

On the other hand, only 7% of world adults have access to formal housing finance. Cryptocurrency, assets tokenization and a web3 economy, together with blockchain liability and safety allow this process to be much more accessible.  
